Add docs note on auto-generated hashCode (#1163)
kiegroup/optaplanner: optaplanner-docs/src/main/asciidoc/PlannerConfiguration/PlannerConfiguration-chapter.adoc

If historic data needs to be considered too, then create problem fact to hold the total of the historic assignments up to, but __not including__, the planning window (so that it does not change when a planning entity changes) and let the score constraints take it into account.
====

[NOTE]
====

> Do not use auto-generated `hashCode` (Java records, Kotlin data classes, etc) for planning entity classes. `hashCode` should not contain planning variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Planning entity `hashCode()` implementations must never change their return values. Therefore entity `hashCode()` must not depend on any planning variables. Pay special attention when using data structures with auto-generated `hashCode()` as entities, such as Java records or Kotlin data classes. ```

> Planning entity `hashCode()` implementations must never change their return values. Therefore entity `hashCode()` must not depend on any planning variables. Pay special attention when using data structures with auto-generated `hashCode()` as entities, such as Java records or Kotlin data classes. ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Planning entity `hashCode()` implementations must remain constant. Therefore entity `hashCode()` must not depend on any planning variables. Pay special attention when using data structures with auto-generated `hashCode()` as entities, such as Java records or Kotlin data classes. ```
```
